# Watch List Screening API
The Watch List Screening API provides an OFAC score value used for evaluation on how closely an individual's name, city, and country input fields match against entries on the OFAC SDN lists.  The Watch List Screening API also provides an OFAC status value which represents how VisaNet would process the individual's information if used in a cross-border OCT transaction.

All URIs are relative to *https://sandbox.api.visa.com*

Method | HTTP request | Description
------------- | ------------- | -------------
[**postwatchlistinquiry**](WsApi.md#postwatchlistinquiry) | **POST** /visadirect/watchlistscreening/v1/watchlistinquiry | 


# **postwatchlistinquiry**
> WatchlistinquirypostResponse postwatchlistinquiry(watchlistinquirypost_payload, watchlistinquirypost_payload2, watchlistinquirypost_payload3, watchlistinquirypost_payload4, watchlistinquirypost_payload5)



Provide an OFAC score value used for evaluation on how closely an individual's name, city, and country input fields match against entries on the OFAC SDN lists. It also provides an OFAC status value which represents how VisaNet would process the individual's information if used in a cross-border OCT transaction.

### Example 
```python
from __future__ import print_statement
import time
from src.apis.ws_api import WsApi
from src.configuration import Configuration
from pprint import pprint

config = Configuration()
# Uncomment this block to enable proxy
# config.proxy_url = 'PROXY_URL'

# Configure HTTP basic authorization: basicAuth
config.username = 'YOUR_USERNAME'
config.password = 'YOUR_PASSWORD'
config.cert_file = 'ABSOLUTE_PATH_TO_CERT_FILE'
config.key_file = 'ABSOLUTE_PATH_TO_KEY_FILE'
config.ssl_ca_cert = 'ABSOLUTE_PATH_TO_CA_CERT_FILE'

# Unblock this block to configure MLE credentials
# config.api_key['keyId'] = 'YOUR_KEY_ID'
# config.encryption_public_key_path = 'ABSOLUTE_PATH_TO_MLE_CERT_FILE'
# config.decryption_private_key_path = 'ABSOLUTE_PATH_TO_MLE_KEY_FILE'


# create an instance of the API class
api_instance = WsApi()

# Set all the required parameters in the postwatchlistinquiry. Look at the documentation for further clarification.
watchlistinquirypost_payload = src.WatchlistinquirypostPayload() # WatchlistinquirypostPayload | Note: A unique value generated by the app that is used to tie together a WLM score request and WLM score response service calls.
watchlistinquirypost_payload2 = src.WatchlistinquirypostPayload() # WatchlistinquirypostPayload | The name of the person who is to receive a WLM score.
watchlistinquirypost_payload3 = src.WatchlistinquirypostPayload() # WatchlistinquirypostPayload | 
watchlistinquirypost_payload4 = src.WatchlistinquirypostPayload() # WatchlistinquirypostPayload | Note: This field is required if acquirerCountryCode field is provided.</br>The Bank Identification Number (BIN) under which your Fund Transfer is registered. This must match the information provided during enrollment.
watchlistinquirypost_payload5 = src.WatchlistinquirypostPayload() # WatchlistinquirypostPayload | This is an optional field. If acquiringBin is provided, it is highly recommended that acquirerCountryCode is also provided.</br>Use a 3-digit numeric country code for the country where the Fund Transfer solution is registered. This must match the information provided during program enrollment.

try: 
    api_response = api_instance.postwatchlistinquiry(watchlistinquirypost_payload, watchlistinquirypost_payload2, watchlistinquirypost_payload3, watchlistinquirypost_payload4, watchlistinquirypost_payload5)
    pprint(api_response)
except ApiException as e:
    print("Exception when calling WsApi->postwatchlistinquiry: %s\n" % e)
```

### Parameters

Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **watchlistinquirypost_payload** | [**WatchlistinquirypostPayload**](WatchlistinquirypostPayload.md)| Note: A unique value generated by the app that is used to tie together a WLM score request and WLM score response service calls. | 
 **watchlistinquirypost_payload2** | [**WatchlistinquirypostPayload**](WatchlistinquirypostPayload.md)| The name of the person who is to receive a WLM score. | 
 **watchlistinquirypost_payload3** | [**WatchlistinquirypostPayload**](WatchlistinquirypostPayload.md)|  | 
 **watchlistinquirypost_payload4** | [**WatchlistinquirypostPayload**](WatchlistinquirypostPayload.md)| Note: This field is required if acquirerCountryCode field is provided.&lt;/br&gt;The Bank Identification Number (BIN) under which your Fund Transfer is registered. This must match the information provided during enrollment. | 
 **watchlistinquirypost_payload5** | [**WatchlistinquirypostPayload**](WatchlistinquirypostPayload.md)| This is an optional field. If acquiringBin is provided, it is highly recommended that acquirerCountryCode is also provided.&lt;/br&gt;Use a 3-digit numeric country code for the country where the Fund Transfer solution is registered. This must match the information provided during program enrollment. | 

### Return type

[**WatchlistinquirypostResponse**](WatchlistinquirypostResponse.md)

### Authorization

[basicAuth](../README.md#basicAuth)

### HTTP request headers

 - **Content-Type**: application/json
 - **Accept**: application/json

[Back to top](#)   |   [Back to API list](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints)   |   [Back to Model list](../README.md#documentation-for-models)   |   [Back to README](../README.md)


##Authors
**Visa Developer Platform**
See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/visa/java-sample-code/graphs/contributors) who participated in this project.

##License
**© Copyright 2018 Visa. All Rights Reserved.**

*NOTICE: The software and accompanying information and documentation (together, the “Software”) remain the property of
and are proprietary to Visa and its suppliers and affiliates. The Software remains protected by intellectual property
rights and may be covered by U.S. and foreign patents or patent applications. The Software is licensed and not sold.*

*By accessing the Software you are agreeing to Visa's terms of use (developer.visa.com/terms) and privacy policy (developer.visa.com/privacy).
In addition, all permissible uses of the Software must be in support of Visa products, programs and services provided
through the Visa Developer Program (VDP) platform only (developer.visa.com). **THE SOFTWARE AND ANY ASSOCIATED
INFORMATION OR DOCUMENTATION IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS,” “AS AVAILABLE,” “WITH ALL FAULTS” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY OR
CONDITION OF ANY KIND. YOUR USE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.** All brand names are the property of their respective owners, used for identification purposes only, and do not imply
product endorsement or affiliation with Visa. Any links to third party sites are for your information only and equally
do not constitute a Visa endorsement. Visa has no insight into and control over third party content and code and disclaims
all liability for any such components, including continued availability and functionality. Benefits depend on implementation
details and business factors and coding steps shown are exemplary only and do not reflect all necessary elements for the
described capabilities. Capabilities and features are subject to Visa’s terms and conditions and may require development,
implementation and resources by you based on your business and operational details. Please refer to the specific
API documentation for details on the requirements, eligibility and geographic availability.*

*This Software includes programs, concepts and details under continuing development by Visa. Any Visa features,
functionality, implementation, branding, and schedules may be amended, updated or canceled at Visa’s discretion.
The timing of widespread availability of programs and functionality is also subject to a number of factors outside Visa’s control,
including but not limited to deployment of necessary infrastructure by issuers, acquirers, merchants and mobile device manufacturers.*